[MINI-6242] Hotfix for access token for v5.3.1 (#571)
rakutentech/android-miniapp: CHANGELOG.md

## CHANGELOG

### 5.3.1 (XXXX-XX-XX)
**SDK**

> - **Feature:** Added `manisfest` parameter to pass a manifest file while calling `MiniAppView.loadFromBundle`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Feature:** Added `manifest` parameter to pass a `MiniAppManifest` object while calling `MiniAppView.loadFromBundle`.
```

### 5.3.0 (2023-07-26)
**SDK**
- **Feature:** Added `MiniAppMessageBridge.getHostAppThemeColors` in MiniAppMessageBridge for retrieving primary and secondary theme color.
- **Feature:** Added `MiniAppMessageBridge.getIsDarkMode` in MiniAppMessageBridge for retrieving dark mode status.
- **Feature:** Added `MiniApp.unzipBundle` to load MiniApp from bundle. Host app can unzip a MiniApp bundle from asset folder into MiniApp file system.
- **Feature:** Added `MiniAppView.loadFromBundle` to load MiniApp from already extracted MiniApp bundle.
- **Feature:** Added `MiniAppMessageBridge.didReceiveMAAnalytics` to receive analytics from MiniApp.
- **Feature:** Added `MiniAppDisplay.sendInfoToHostApp` interface to provide `Universal Bridge` for sending messages from a MiniApp to the HostApp.

**Sample App**
- **Feature:** Added implementation of `MiniAppMessageBridge.getHostAppThemeColors`.
- **Feature:** Added qa settings to test primary and secondary color.
- **Feature:** Added Deeplink Support to change settings keys by QR code.
- **Feature:** Added implementation of `MiniAppMessageBridge.getIsDarkMode`.
- **Feature:** Added `MiniApp` button in Feature page to load a MiniApp from bundle.

> - **Feature:** Added `Logs` in `QA` page to show the analytics events come from miniapp.

Reviewer: Candidate branch should already have this change. Why is this showing here 🤔

Reviewer: This is strange
